<!--
T:System.Reflection.TypeInfo
M:System.Reflection.IntrospectionExtensions.GetTypeInfo(System.Type)
T:System.Reflection.IReflectableType
M:System.Reflection.IReflectableType.GetTypeInfo
-->

# DE0008: TypeInfo shouldn't be used

## Motivation

When we designed .NET Standard 1.0 we wanted to split reflection from the very
core of the platform. The goal was to allow the creation of .NET platforms that
do not have reflection capabilities. We assumed this would drastically simplify
development of an ahead-of-time (AOT) compiler.

We later learned that (1) .NET without reflection isn't really viable in
practice and (2) that AOT and reflection aren't as much at odds as we originally
thought.

In order to separate the platform core from reflection we had to break the
dependency from `Object` to reflection. We did this by making `Type` essentially
free of reflection APIs and introduced a new type called `TypeInfo`. In APIs,
there was no relationship between `Type` and `TypeInfo` -- customers doing
reflection in .NET Standard 1.x had to call `GetTypeInfo()` in order to get a
full reflection object (`TypeInfo`) from a given `Type`.

With .NET Standard 2.0 we've added all the reflection APIs back to `Type` and
made `TypeInfo` derive from it. This effectively undoes the split between
`System.Type` and reflection, rendering both `GetTypeInfo()` as well as
`TypeInfo` superfluous.

## Recommendation

We recommend that new code follows what code prior to .NET Standard 1.x did all
along: just use `GetType()` and call reflection APIs right from `System.Type`:

* Do not call `IntrospectionExtensions.GetTypeInfo(Type)` or
  `IReflectableType.GetTypeInfo()`. Instead, just operate on the instance of
  `Type`.
* Do not accept or return instances of `TypeInfo` or `IReflectableType` from
  your APIs. Instead, just accept or return `Type`.